# Game Review 
## Details  
•	Game Title: We Happy Few  
•	Game Developer: Compulsion games  
## Summary  
We Happy Few is an open world survival adventure game set in England in the 1960’s. This is an alternate history where England lost the war with Nazi Germany leaving it as a crumbling and mentally crippled country. The citizens are so devastated that they are forced to take "joy pills" that causes them to see an alternate reality or be cast out if they don't.
## Final Thoughts  
We Happy Few provides three main game elements: story, adventure and unfortunately survival. The best thing We Happy Few does is give a detailed story without slowing down playability in the first hour and a half of play. The way they built the world story was just what I was hoping the game would provide. As you walk through the world there are posters of the war peeling off crumbling buildings. The citizen’s luggage is strewn through the streets showing the desperation to leave.  Next, I’m going to discuss combat which I felt was lackluster. It felt as if the combat wasn’t really thought through well. It was comprised of only a basic attack and a block. While I realize combat is not the main focus of the game, it is used often enough to deserve more attention. The most disappointing part of the game is that the survival element felt contrived. It stops the flow of gameplay constantly by forcing you to continuously look at the ground. In that aspect, you don't have an opportunity to enjoy the artwork and storytelling of the game. Instead of admiring the work that went into the crumbling structures around you must keep your eyes down to find morsels to ward off hunger, hydration, and exhaustion. In conclusion I enjoyed the game but I don’t see myself being able to put in more than five hours of gameplay. After that timeframe I feel the game would fall short as both an adventure and survival game.
